Add Library section (#150)
volkamerlab/volkamerlab_org: content/library/_index.md

---
title: Library
menu:
    main:
        Pre: book
        name: Library
weight: 30
nav: false
---

> Welcome to our library page! Here, you'll find a collection of resources in the field of drug design and cheminformatics available in either hard copy or eBook formats. These can be accessed upon request by sending an email to <a class="icon fa-envelope" href="mailto:stefanie.pilhofer@uni-saarland.de" target="_blank" title="Email Stefanie Pilhofer"> Stefanie Pilhofer</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to our group library page! 
Here, we collect the books or resources in the field of drug design and cheminformatics available in either hard copy or eBook formats. 
Group members can accessed them by either stepping by Stefanie Wessinger's office or by sending an email to <a class="icon fa-envelope" href="mailto:stefanie.wessinger@uni-saarland.de" target="_blank" title="Email Stefanie Wessinger"> Stefanie Wessinger</a>.
```
